{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf512and13_paired_sample_equivalised_income\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 16\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 12008\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 aacode	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 EHS case number\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for aacode\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 peoplegross	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Quasi grossing factor for individuals in the household using aagph1213\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for peoplegross\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BHCinc	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 BHC annual household income\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BHCinc\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 100000.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 £100,000 per annum or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BHCinceq	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 BHC equivalised weekly income (modified OECD scale)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BHCinceq\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1920.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 £1,920 per week or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BHCinceqv5	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 BHC equivalised income quintiles (weighted by peoplegross)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ORDINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BHCinceqv5\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1st quintile (lowest)\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2nd quintile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3rd quintile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4th quintile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 5th quintile (highest)\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BHCinceqv10	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 BHC equivalised income deciles (weighted by peoplegross)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ORDINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BHCinceqv10\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1st decile (lowest)\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2nd decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3rd decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 5th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 6th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 7th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 8th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 9th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 10th decile (highest)\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BHCinceqv50h	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 BHC: below 50% of median income (weighted by peoplegross)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BHCinceqv50h\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not below threshold\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 below threshold\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BHCinceqv60h	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 BHC: below 60% of median income (weighted by peoplegross)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BHCinceqv60h\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not below threshold\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 below threshold\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BHCinceqv70h	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 BHC: below 70% of median income (weighted by peoplegross)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BHCinceqv70h\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not below threshold\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 below threshold\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AHCinc	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 AHC household annual income\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AHCinc\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 £0 per annum or less\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 100000.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 £100,000 per annum or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AHCinceq	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 AHC equivalised weekly income (modified OECD scale)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AHCinceq\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 £0 per week or less\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1920.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 £1,920 per week or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AHCinceqv5	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 AHC equivalised income quintiles (weighted by peoplegross)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ORDINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AHCinceqv5\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1st quintile (lowest)\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2nd quintile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3rd quintile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4th quintile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 5th quintile (highest)\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AHCinceqv10	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 AHC equivalised income deciles\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ORDINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AHCinceqv10\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1st decile (lowest)\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2nd decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3rd decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 5th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 6th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 7th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 8th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 9th decile\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 10th decile (highest)\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AHCinceqv50h	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 AHC: below 50% of median income (weighted by peoplegross)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AHCinceqv50h\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not below threshold\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 below threshold\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 15	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AHCinceqv60h	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 AHC: below 60% of median income (weighted by peoplegross)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AHCinceqv60h\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not below threshold\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 below threshold\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 16	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AHCinceqv70h	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 AHC: below 70% of median income (weighted by peoplegross)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AHCinceqv70h\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not below threshold\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 below threshold\par }}