{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5dimensions_12and13\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 39\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 12498\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 Aacode	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Key field\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for Aacode\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FloorArea	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Total floor area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FloorArea\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 500.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 500m2 or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FloorAreaEnergy	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Total floor area + 50% external wall\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FloorAreaEnergy\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 500.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 500m2 or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FloorPar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Floor area occupied by partition walls\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FloorPar\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FloorStr	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Floor area occupied by stairs\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FloorStr\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FloorBal	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Floor area occupied by balconies\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FloorBal\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FloorGar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Floor area occupied by garages\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FloorGar\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 IntWalAr	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Internal wall area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for IntWalAr\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1500.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1,500m2 or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 NFlorm	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Number of floors in the main part\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for NFlorm\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 20.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 20 or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 NFlora	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Number of floors in the additional part\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 999.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for NFlora\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 20.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 20 or more\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 999.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No additional part\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 Flmlow	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Lowest floor of main part\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for Flmlow\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 20.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 20 or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FlmHigh	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Highest floor of main part\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FlmHigh\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 20.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 20 or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 Flalow	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Lowest floor of additional part\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 999.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for Flalow\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 20.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 20 or more\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 999.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No additional part\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 Flahigh	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Highest floor of additional part\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 999.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for Flahigh\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 20.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 20 or more\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 999.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No additional part\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 15	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 efwalar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External front wall area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for efwalar\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 16	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ebwalar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External back wall area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ebwalar\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 17	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 efwinar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External front window area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for efwinar\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 18	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ebwinar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External back window area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ebwinar\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 19	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 efdpcpe	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External front DPC perimeter\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for efdpcpe\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 20	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ebdpcpe	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External back DPC perimeter\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ebdpcpe\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 21	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 efrfpar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External front roof plan area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for efrfpar\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 22	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ebrfpar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External back roof plan area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ebrfpar\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 23	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 efrfsar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External front roof slope area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for efrfsar\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 24	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ebrfsar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External back roof slope area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ebrfsar\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 25	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 efevepe	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External front eaves perimeter\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for efevepe\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 26	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ebevepe	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External back eaves perimeter\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ebevepe\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 27	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 emeveht	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External main part eaves height\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for emeveht\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 28	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 eaeveht	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External additional part eaves height\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 999.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for eaeveht\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 999.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No additional part above ground level\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 29	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 lowarea	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Area of lowest level\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for lowarea\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 250.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 250m2 or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 30	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 higharea	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Area of highest level\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for higharea\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 250.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 250m2 or more\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 31	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 cheight0	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Ceiling height of ground floor\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for cheight0\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not applicable - storey not covered by dwelling\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 32	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 cheight1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Ceiling height of first floor\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for cheight1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not applicable - storey not covered by dwelling\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 33	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 cheight2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Ceiling height of second floor\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for cheight2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not applicable - storey not covered by dwelling\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 34	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 cheight3	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Average ceiling height except floors G, 1 & 2\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for cheight3\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not applicable - storeys not covered by dwelling\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 35	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 exwirf	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External window area : front\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for exwirf\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 36	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 exwirb	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External window area : back\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for exwirb\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 37	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 exwirr	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External window area : right\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for exwirr\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 38	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 exwirl	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 External window area : left\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for exwirl\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 39	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AvWallThick	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Mean wall thickness (cm)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AvWallThick\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not applicable - data not collected\par }}